.TH SOCKET-RELAY 1 SOCKET-RELAY
.SH NAME
socket-relay - Host multiplexion
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B socket-relay
.RI [ OPTION \ |\  SCRIPT ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B socket-relay
is a framework application for host multiplexion. It is written
in Python 3 and sources a configurations script, /etc/socket-replay
by default. It provides code that makes it easy to setup a server
that relays to another server.
.PP
This could for example be used if you have multiple computers with
Web servers on one public IP address but want all computers to use
port 80. In this case you would configure port forwarding on your
router to computer A, and setup
.B httpd
on all computers to use port 8080. On computer A you would setup
.B socket-relay
to listen on port 80, read the header of incoming requests and relay
to the actual host but on port 8080 (and modify the header to reflect
the change in port.) This is of cause easier if computer A does not
have a
.BR httpd .
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h ,\  \-\-help
Print help message and exit.
.TP
\-c ,\  \-\-copying \,\  \-\-copyright
Print copyright information and exit.
.TP
\-w ,\  \-\-warranty
Print warranty disclaimer and exit.
.TP
\-v ,\  \-\-version
Print program name and version and exit.
.SH RATIONALE
Sometimes you have multiple servers on your network that
want to use the same port.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR relayd (8)
.SH AUTHORS
Principal author, Mattias Andrée.  See the COPYING file for the full
list of authors.
.SH LICENSE
Copyright \(co 2014, 2015  Mattias Andrée
.br
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
.br
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to https://github.com/maandree/socket-relay/issues
or to maandree@member.fsf.org

