\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename socket-relay.info
@settitle socket-relay
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory Network
@direntry
* socket-relay: (socket-relay).      A framework application for host multiplexio
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2014 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top socket-relay -- A framework application for host multiplexio
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title socket-relay
@subtitle A framework application for host multiplexio
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{socket-relay}.
* Invoking::                        Invocation of @command{socket-relay}.
* Configuration API::               How to write configurations for @command{socket-relay}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{socket-relay} is a framework application for host
multiplexion. It is written in Python 3 and sources a
configurations script, @file{/etc/socket-replay} by default.
It provides code that makes it easy to setup a server that
relays to another server.

This could for example be used if you have multiple computers
with web servers on one public IP address but want all computers
to use port 80. In this case you would configure port forwarding
on your router to computer A, and setup @command{httpd} on all
computers to use port 8080. On computer A you would setup
socket-relay to listen on port 80, read the header of incoming
requests and relay to the actual host but on port 8080 (and
modify the header to reflect the change in port.) This is of
cause easier if computer A does not have a @command{httpd}.



@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

@command{socket-relay} as a non-self-forking daemon, that
is started by adding the pathname of the configuration script
it should run. If not specified it will use
@file{/etc/socket-relay}.



@node Configuration API
@chapter Configuration API

@command{socket-relay} only have built in support for TCP, but
this does not stop you from using domain sockets or even UDP.
The latter is however ill-suited for relaying.

@command{socket-relay} provides a class for TCP relaying.
This class is named @code{RelayTCP}. When an instance of
this class is constructed the relaying will start
automatically asynchronously; the constructor can be thought
of as a function. The @code{RelayTCP} constructor have
two manditory parameters and four optional parameters:

@table @code
@item connector
Function that determinate which server to connect to and
connectes to it, it takes a socket and remote address as
input as gives a connected socket, list of already received
packets and thread name as output. This function may modify
packets it receives.
@item port
The TCP port to listen on.
@item ip = `127.0.0.1'
The IP address of the network interface.
@item backlog = 5
The server's connection backlog.
@item buffer_size = 4096
The receive buffer size.
@item name = None
The name of the master thread.
@end table

@code{RelayTCP} does not name any other threads, but
you can replace @code{RelayTCP.server_function} and
@code{RelayTCP.proxy_function} so that it does so.

To connect to a TCP server, you can use the function
@code{RelayTCP.connect}. It have two manditory parameters
and two optional parameters:

@table @code
@item remote_host
The remote host.
@item remote_port
The remote port.
@item local_ip = None
The IP address of the network interface.
@item local_port = 0
The local port.
@end table



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

